MichaelScott
If I had a gun with two bullets and I was in a room with Hitler, Bin Laden, and Toby, I would shoot Toby twice.
Marrying me will you be?
Occasionally, I'll hit somebody with my car. So sue me.
Everybody stay calm! Stay f*&#!#% calm!
And I knew exactly what to do. But in a much more real sense, I had no idea what to do.
I feel like all my kids grew up, and then they married each other. It's every parent's dream.
Dwight, you ignorant slut!
Well, Happy Birthday Jesus. Sorry your party's so lame.
Sometimes I'll start a sentence, and I don't even know where it's going. I just hope I find it along the way.
There are certain things a boss does not share with his employees. His salary, that would depress them. His bed, it--- And I am not going to tell them that I'll be reading their e-mails.
Am I going to tell them? No, I am not going to tell them. I don't see the point of that. As a doctor, you would not tell a patient if they had cancer.
Wikipedia Is The Best Thing Ever. Anyone In The World Can Write Anything They Want About Any Subject, So You Know You Are Getting The Best Possible Information.
Hate To See You Leave But Love To Watch You Go. ‘Cause Of Your Butt.
I Love Inside Jokes. Love To Be A Part Of One Someday.
It's Never Too Early For Ice-Cream, Jim.
I. Declare. Bankruptcy!
That's What She Said!
Yes, it is true. I, Michael Scott, am signing up with an online dating service. Thousands of people have done it, and I am going to do it. I need a username. And... I have a great one [types]. Little kid lover. That way, people will know exactly where my priorities are at.
I'll catch you on the flippity-flip. Bye!
It's not that children make me uncomfortable, it's just that, why be a dad when you can be a fun uncle? I've never heard of anyone rebelling against their fun uncle.
Close your eyes. Picture a convict. What's he wearing? Nothing special, baseball cap on backwards, baggy pants... he says something ordinary like... 'yo, thats shizzle.' Okay. Now slowly open your eyes again. Who are you picturing? A black man? Wrong. That was a white woman. Surprised? Well, shame on you.
You may look around and see two groups here: white collar, blue collar. But I don't see it that way, and you know why not? Because I am collar-blind.
Fool me once, strike one. Fool me twice, strike three.
Sometimes you have to take a break from being the kind of boss that's always trying to teach people things. Sometimes you just have to be the boss of dancing.
Make friends first, make sales second, make love third. In no particular order.
People will never be replaced by machines. In the end, life and business are about human connections. And computers are about trying to murder you in a lake. And to me the choice is easy.

HollyFlax
Everything he does is sexy. He has this undeniable animal magnetism, he's a jungle cat. The man exudes Sex!
Your wife becoming...be will I.

JimHalpert
It's true. I'm having a party. I've got three cases of imported beer, a karaoke machine, and I didn't invite Michael. So three ingredients for a great party. And it's nothing personal, I just think that if he were there, people wouldn't be able to relax, and you know, have fun, and my roommate wants to meet everybody. Because I'm pretty sure he thinks that I'm making Dwight up. [sighs] He is very real.
I had feelings today for a coworker that I haven't had in years... In my defense he was grabbing my crotch fairly aggressively at the time.
Bears. Beets. Battlestar Galactica.
Right now, this is just a job. If I advance any higher in this company, then this would be my career. And, well, if this were my career? I'd have to throw myself in front of a train.

PamBeesly
Once every hour, someone is involved in an internet scam. That man is Michael Scott.
It's performance review day, company-wide. Last year, my performance review started with Michael asking me what my hopes and dreams were, and it ended with him telling me he could bench-press 190 pounds. So, I don't really know what to expect.
I feel God in this Chili's tonight.
There's a lot of beauty in ordinary things. Isn't that kind of the point?

DwightSchrute
Jim is gone. He's gone. I miss him so much. Ooooh I cry myself to sleep, Jim! False. I do not miss him.
Would I ever leave this company? Look, I'm all about loyalty. In fact, I feel like part of what I'm being paid for here is my loyalty. But if there were somewhere else that valued loyalty more highly… I'm going wherever they value loyalty the most.
I am fast. To give you a reference point I am somewhere between a snake and a mongoose… And a panther.
Security in this office park is a joke. Last year I came to work with my spud-gun in a duffel bag. I sat at my desk all day with a rifle that shoots potatoes at 60 pounds per square inch. Can you imagine if I was deranged?
I grew up on a farm. I have seen animals having sex in every position imaginable. Goat on chicken. Chicken on goat. Couple of chickens doing a goat, couple of pigs watching.
Through concentration, I can raise and lower my cholesterol at will.
Whenever I'm about to do something, I think, 'Would an idiot do that?' And if they would, I do not do that thing.
It has to be official, and it has to be urine.
I have been Michael's #2 guy for about 5 years. And we make a great team. We're like one of those classic famous teams. He's like Mozart, and I'm like Mozart's friend. No. I'm like Butch Cassidy, and Michael is like Mozart. You try and hurt Mozart; you're going to get a bullet in your head courtesy of Butch Cassidy.
I.D. badges are long overdue. Security in this office park is a joke. Last year, I came to work with my spud gun in a duffel bag. I sat at my desk all day, with a rifle that shoots potatoes at 60 pounds per square inch. Can you imagine if I was deranged?
Why Are All These People Here? There Are Too Many People On This Earth. We Need A New Plague.
You Couldn't Handle My Undivided Attention.
How Would I Describe Myself? Three Words. Hard-working. Alpha Male. Jackhammer. Merciless. Insatiable.
Welcome to the Hotel Hell. Check-in time in now, check-out time is never.
I'm the owner.. the co-owner. With Satan!
The Japanese camp guards of World War II always chose one man to kill whenever a batch of new prisoners arrived. I always wondered how they chose the man who was to die. I think I would have been good at choosing the person.

AngelaMartin
If you pray enough, you can change yourself into a cat person.
I know that patience and loyalty are good, and virtuous traits. But sometimes I just think you need to grow a pair.
I'm not gaining anything from this seminar. I'm a professional woman. The head of accounting. I'm in the healthiest relationship of my life. I just think it's insulting that Jan thinks we need this. And, apparently, judging from her outfit, Jan aspires to be a whore.
Poop is raining from the ceilings. Poop!

AndyBernard
I wish there was a way to know you're in the good old days, before you've actually left them.
You can't let a girl feel good about herself. It will backfire on you. Every compliment has to be backhanded. 'Oh I like your dress, but I'd like it more if you had prettier hair.'
I'll be the Number Two guy here in Scranton in six weeks. How? Name repetition, personality mirroring, and never breaking off a handshake. I'm always thinking one step ahead. Like a carpenter that makes stairs.
Sorry I annoyed you with my friendship.
Andy Bernard Does Not Lose Contests. He Wins Them… Or He Quits Them Because They Are Unfair.

KevinMalone
When me president, they see. They see.
I am immensely proud of what I did for that turtle!
Yes, me do.
Body strong. Sleep big last night.
Why waste time say lot word when few word do trick?

DarrylPhilbin
In a gang world, we use something called fluffy fingers. That's when someone really gets in your face, you know you just, start ticklin' 'em. And he starts tickling you. And pretty soon you laughing and hugging. Before you know it, you've forgotten the whole thing. Y'all just go to church together, and get an ice cream cone.

OscarMartinez
I didn't realize how many of Angela's opinions I agreed with...until she tried to have my knee caps shattered for sleeping with her husband.
Saddle Shoes With Denim? I Will Literally Call Protective Services.

KellyKapoor
I don't talk trash, I talk smack. They're totally different. Trash talk is hypothetical, like: Your mom is so fat she can eat the internet. But smack talk is happening like right now. Like: You're ugly and I know it for a fact 'cause I got the evidence right there.
I have a lot of questions. Number one, how dare you?

RyanHoward
Last year, Creed asked me how to set up a blog. Wanting to protect the world from being exposed to Creed's brain, I opened up a Word document on his computer and put an address at the top. I've read some of it. Even for the Internet, it's... pretty shocking.
Stanley yelled at me today. That was one of the most frightening experiences of my life.

StanleyHudson
I wake up every morning in a bed that's too small, drive my daughter to a school that's too expensive, and then I go to work to a job for which I get paid too little. But on pretzel day? Well, I like pretzel day.
Did I stutter?

CreedBratton
Two eyes. Two ears. A chin. A mouth. Ten fingers. Two nipples. A butt, two kneecaps, a penis. I've just described to you the Loch Ness monster. And the reward for his capture? All the riches in Scotland. So I have one question: Why are you here?

PhyllisVance
I Wonder What People Like About Me? Probably My Jugs.
I'm glad Michael's getting help. He has a lot of issues, and he's stupid.

ToddPacker
What has two thumbs and likes to bone your mom? This guy!

GabeLewis
Shut up about the sun. SHUT UP ABOUT THE SUN!

TobyFlenderson
Chad Flenderman. Just an easy-going black guy who knows the streets--yet he also went to Oxford. So. Just as comfortable on a motorcycle as he is on Air Force One. Oh and he's also the world's leading Egyptologist.
